Update/documentation/extending last looks (#320)
Automattic/remote-data-blocks: docs/extending/query-output_schema.md

# The Query `output_schema` Property

> The `output_schema` property is where your data shape definition happens. It should be created with care and requires updates any time the incoming response changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `output_schema` property is where your data shape definition happens. It should be created with care and requires updates whenever the incoming response changes.
```

			"timestamp": "2025-01-14T22:26:21-06:00"
		},
		{

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
